feat: add support `limit` param for metrics discovery (#91)
VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## tip

> * FEATURE: add support limit param for metrics discovery. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/issues/82).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: add datasource settings for limiting the number of metrics during discovery. The proper limits should protect users from slowing down the browser when datasource returns big amounts of discovered metrics in response.  See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/issues/82).
```
